c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\PayrollSystem.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\chrome_100_percent.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\chrome_200_percent.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\chrome_elf.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\d3dcompiler_47.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\icudtl.dat
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\libcef.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\libEGL.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\libGLESv2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\LICENSE.txt
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\am.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\ar.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\bg.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\bn.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\ca.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\cs.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\da.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\de.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\el.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\en-GB.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\en-US.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\es-419.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\es.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\et.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\fa.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\fi.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\fil.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\fr.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\gu.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\he.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\hi.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\hr.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\hu.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\id.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\it.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\ja.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\kn.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\ko.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\lt.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\lv.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\ml.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\mr.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\ms.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\nb.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\nl.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\pl.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\pt-BR.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\pt-PT.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\ro.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\ru.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\sk.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\sl.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\sr.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\sv.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\sw.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\ta.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\te.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\th.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\tr.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\uk.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\vi.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\zh-CN.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\locales\zh-TW.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\README.txt
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\resources.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\snapshot_blob.bin
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\swiftshader\libEGL.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\swiftshader\libGLESv2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\v8_context_snapshot.bin
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\vk_swiftshader.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\vk_swiftshader_icd.json
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\vulkan-1.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\chrome_100_percent.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\chrome_200_percent.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\chrome_elf.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\d3dcompiler_47.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\icudtl.dat
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\libcef.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\libEGL.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\libGLESv2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\LICENSE.txt
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\am.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\ar.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\bg.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\bn.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\ca.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\cs.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\da.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\de.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\el.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\en-GB.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\en-US.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\es-419.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\es.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\et.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\fa.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\fi.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\fil.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\fr.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\gu.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\he.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\hi.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\hr.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\hu.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\id.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\it.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\ja.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\kn.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\ko.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\lt.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\lv.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\ml.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\mr.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\ms.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\nb.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\nl.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\pl.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\pt-BR.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\pt-PT.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\ro.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\ru.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\sk.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\sl.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\sr.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\sv.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\sw.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\ta.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\te.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\th.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\tr.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\uk.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\vi.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\zh-CN.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\locales\zh-TW.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\README.txt
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\resources.pak
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\snapshot_blob.bin
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\swiftshader\libEGL.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\swiftshader\libGLESv2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\v8_context_snapshot.bin
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\vk_swiftshader.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\vk_swiftshader_icd.json
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\vulkan-1.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\CefSharp.BrowserSubprocess.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\CefSharp.BrowserSubprocess.Core.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\CefSharp.BrowserSubprocess.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\CefSharp.BrowserSubprocess.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\CefSharp.Core.Runtime.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\CefSharp.Core.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\CefSharp.Core.Runtime.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\CefSharp.BrowserSubprocess.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\CefSharp.BrowserSubprocess.Core.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\CefSharp.BrowserSubprocess.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\CefSharp.BrowserSubprocess.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\CefSharp.Core.Runtime.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\CefSharp.Core.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\CefSharp.Core.Runtime.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x86\CefSharp.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\x64\CefSharp.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\PayrollSystem.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\PayrollSystem.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\CefSharp.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\CefSharp.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\CefSharp.WinForms.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\CefSharp.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\CefSharp.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\CefSharp.Core.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\CefSharp.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\CefSharp.WinForms.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\CefSharp.WinForms.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\obj\Debug\PayrollSystem.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\obj\Debug\PayrollSystem.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\obj\Debug\PayrollSystem.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\obj\Debug\PayrollSystem.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\obj\Debug\PayrollSystem.mainForm.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\obj\Debug\PayrollSystem.SplashScreen.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\MaterialSkin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\obj\Debug\PayrollSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\PayrollSystem.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\PayrollSystem.application
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\obj\Debug\PayrollSystem.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PayrollSystem\PayrollSystem\obj\Debug\PayrollSystem.application
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AccomRepo\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\PayrollSystem.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AccomRepo\PayrollSystem\obj\Debug\PayrollSystem.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AccomRepo\PayrollSystem\obj\Debug\PayrollSystem.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AccomRepo\PayrollSystem\bin\Debug\AccomRepo.exe.config
